cs510 A3 program:
	input:
		video 
		ground truth center of tracking object
	output:
		512x512 edge magnitude video frame
			will not move?
		goal ??
			This window will show the desired correlation surface that will result from convolving the video frame with an exact filter. 
			Keep in mind this is a grayscale image in the spatial domain with a Gaussian centered on the center of the frigate bird.
			***all black, white dot on bird***
		Exact - exact filter that generates goal when convolved on frame
			 This window will show the exact filter that, when convolved with the video frame, generates the goal correlation surface.
		ASEF - average of exact filters
			This window will show an evolving running average of the exact filters. Note on frame 1 it will match the display in the window Exact. 
			After that it should start to become more readily understood as the sillouette of the frigate bird. The exact approach to weighting exact filters is up to you to choose. 
			In other words, you are being asked to experiement with some different options and draw conclusions about strengths and weaknesses of different approaches.
			
	hard: quotient operation in the frequency domain
		complex conjugates...
		if you're first post in piazza
	Along the way, you will probably want to display and inspect 
		the FFT of the current frame, 
		the target correlation surface, and 
		the result of dividing the one by the other.
		
	moveWindow command in openCV is useful for laying out your four windows in such a way that each is readily seen as the video plays.
	
	Extra:
	Find a single additional video where you can also demonstrate the development of ASEF filters. 
	By default, find some other object easily tracked using a simple feature so that you can generate the goal image for each frame. 
	That is sufficient for this assignment. 
	However, if you choose, you may want to try a video where after some number of frames (16, 32, etc.) 
		your system starts using the correlation filter from frame k to first identifiy the most likely position of the object in fram k+1 and build the next goal image accordinly. 
	In other words, you may wish to build a tracker.

